you
[Music]
oh there you fool
all right Mike it's working wait now I'm
awkward from or a little more drum okay
III for the basement we doing this yeah
i hat oh wait oh you know so click this
one and then you like just load anyone
but I don't want to load that it doesn't
matter just I'm just saying that then
you select the next one yeah
so now yeah I know you're good now mr.
Dennis homework just so we can get it
down you know saying I've already to
kick yeah you need a kick
oh if you would've favorites by the way
wait wait go back
I just want to show you this thing that
I'm gonna start using more oops yes
let's go to this one browse okay user
files
in user library wait let's see there's a
dope way to get to favorite so I'm
trying to get to this this should be a
red thing Mabel collections in
collections I'm done as [__] questions
okay the only chapter you need that's
the easy way to get to there and you can
also move the arrow keys then I find
that knob from Dallas to be quicker well
because there's no more down no I think
it's just the looking it's just on
oh do you and actually do this no this
is so I took the pen I took the pen tip
out and then I put a filter that I
rolled up
Delius I put a filter that I rolled up
and then lit it with a lighter now it's
a good like a ancient like ceremonial
pen dude it's like a different pen the
applicator is different cuz this is like
a J filter and I like stopped in and
melted it's like all melted but the
pencil works yeah
beep through this though isn't that cool
it's so sick you say it's starting to
dry up but when I first made it it was
joke you can still get really cool
applications but in that I remember this
one time I was like [__] you like trying
to break pens and stuff and I realized
like this is all math like you're
applying like the applicator is a
function the ink is a function all those
things can be modeled through math oh
hey let's do something else too let me
let me do this
I'll show you you can also do this
should come out soon but you said to
like oh yeah dude forget all that ink
ink is so sick
thanks sick oh there we go
Oh sunny come out better and my arts
teacher looks at me like I like I'm
mentally handicapped dude it's so funny
I told you to figure out the right
clicking dude she handed the TA use
PowerPoint further because she couldn't
figure out how to switch between Chrome
and PowerPoint
she can't switch windows my god like
that is so absurd yes a sec did you hear
me she had PowerPoint open and then a
chrome would and she'd have the TA come
over every time to switch between the
PowerPoint window and the Chrome window
she couldn't do command tab she could
not she's like oh I need your help again
I don't know how to do this every time
and I would linear a loop no one else
reacted and I'm like am I the only one
in this classroom who's watching this
lady struggle to move to Windows now you
say it's so absurd because she said like
an idiot but I'm just sitting there like
like you could not be a college
professor in telling us this like
Elementary stuff but Oh color is
composed of three things you know like
these are the primary colors it's like
is this really not prereq for the class
middle school you should know RGB CMYK
basic nothing like just how the world
works you know I'm saying like CMYK is
cyan magenta Yankee which is black it's
just the printing like equivalent of the
light and that's what like additive
light but I'm just saying like she oh
dude
but the TA is actually pretty high she
was talking that like she was using
neural networks to
generate some of her art and she was
like yeah just like Scotland it was all
just math I was like okay so you're not
just like a an art stick you know I'm
saying like your math yeah you like math
that's because I have way more
appreciation for someone that's an
artist that's basically just doing math
all day because then you actually
formalize it then you have some theory
to work I do a different year that I
took this graph that's my senior year
that's like after college you have to
have something going on that silence
Brigade hog shooted we made we had to
like make art with math is like one of
our projects that is awesome like as
like an extra kind of thing for it which
I ever did crazy that stuff I just have
a cardioid which is uh it's it's a
circle rolling around another circle
this is the shape it makes but you have
the keyboard where's the windows change
on you yeah because that's the primary
control it's also control to get the new
it yeah
[Music]
did I show you the edge detection
program I wrote this dude Oh like a
multi direct dude I got like a [__]
multigraph bro right but it's another
way you can only that's what it is
which is which is a signal here bouncing
off of another circle and these are the
reflections that are made based upon
word right that's sick
all right let me go to UM and it's still
Houston yeah um I need a kick I have a
look at this and oh yeah
wait all I ever wrote something yeah and
yeah it's okay hey all right it's okay
so look I generated a it looks a tip on
this leave this look at the monitor
all right so this is what I got the
program to output from this this image
it's actually like hella big oh they
don't host it like anyway so it
converted this image into this that's
pretty sick right it's just this many
lines of code you just use this library
[Music]
I'm so bad at playing it that's why I
like the repeat baby you can also do
well good just you just won it was you
wasn't it
oh I know why because you're a stone
brows and they're still brows you know
this is okay
yeah Oh sick
because you ever peed on no no turn turn
yeah sure
if you wait why is it no yeah okay you
guys the cast a gradient descent we do
this job I don't have to show you but
what you'll notice is that if it's not
like playing when you kind of want like
a spying on you you turn off your beat
and then you can actually press it like
because this will quantize it should
have to be on certain time so that's why
when you do it it sometimes doesn't work
you know I'm saying I think you turn off
then you can do it whenever you want you
should you should not have repeat on
I think should all right with a meter
I'm gonna add some more drums check it
[Music]
oh hey yo you're probably like this man
this is so over the top ticket
[Music]
so you're not I didn't do it all on him
yeah if I wanted to I'm here because
it's I can edit things work discreetly
cuz i layered things so I want to select
move your head pieces yeah
if you click on this black thing
the black thing it selects all of them
in the row and then I can just press
zero and it turns it off no me I need my
own [__] triplets to it oh yeah do do
it everyone yeah baby do it on here do
it on here respect he's learning this
but I'm gonna add a hat
hats are funded they're so funny
[Music]
that's always smart I think you should
get get it using this dude this thing is
crazy
you should really learn this shindig I I
never learned tension because there are
so many and they're all very kind of
nondescript but this this instrument is
[__] tight the song that I made
earlier today but look what that was
cool like any I was a yeah all that was
done with attention you know are you
just not
can I change the Jones
nice
we add to it
in the bellow the high pitch like I like
it
you're okay yeah we will first what we
can do is first use your ex just turned
out because there's kind of quiet do you
want you want
[Music]
you have this selected way I don't just
get wise
I am
[Music]
now just just
so if you hear now you just saw
you saw this
[Music]
no I'm not I'm just showing you what
that's a main knob that you need to know
and then what room size is also very
important he plays song click solo
well right now by the way see you need a
bacon
see
you see that I can still live there
much has changed was it I just wanna
show you what happens when you like
and I'll make the try 100 so the whole
signals affected changing the quality
that hi just better but watch what
happens when I change I wet so more try
way yeah dry ways on most Noggs driver
on most audio effects there's a dry way
because it's the course of the signal
[__] unaffected versus affected but
anyways what does he say this might have
a choice change routes on the highs so
I'm just saying you might not
necessarily wanna make this parameter
you didn't change it that much I'm just
saying if this were loud in the mix it
might be like
if I if I did this and you knock the
animation that breaks away should have a
reading able yeah
it's got a book
makes it like a clap
so you don't have to sample this I feel
like that
I passed over
[Music]
they actually don't do it there
CAC could I if you have it over here it
had to be tired
you see how this one's kind of inside
they're here so this just back
yeah
so right now it's a low-pass filter
those are trike
[Music]
it just sounds like a hi-hat down
is
yeah it's nice
Oh abs are sick
yeah half is really
[Music]
[Applause]
it's not adding
[Music]
time's up
so you're not alone that you you
treasure now down yeah
we actually go to this you're that
that's not
[Music]
let's load that sample there yeah
yes you can only actually if you wanted
to contest it perfectly you have to take
this you wherever this is browser and
you die
[Music]
you can do this thing
yeah
[Music]
- either their remove this on that
I want you guys
[Music]
you can also do this
okay do that
[Music]
you can see down
let's say
[Music]
yeah yeah it's your call whatever sounds
right is the answer
[Music]
you replace the crap
yep wait was that sad yeah
wait this is gonna be
okay you're good
[Music]
all right duplicate these like copy
the highway is play for the selected
point yeah so what it does inherently is
[Music]
you have this thing called global
quantification
the global contamination does that are
lies it forces like you have this play
button up here that allows you to play
from wherever you want but you see where
the line is see it goes for the nearest
so we
new controls 0 and disable that
[Music]
you press ctrl-z camera mistress
together
[Music]
if it sounds right definitely
like new or on weight you should know
how I'm still you know the naming
Loretta I'm still does the inner their
name in the name all right but first I'm
gonna message Ethan its 442 oh yes
for 22 9 - all right what I'll do is
I'll just mute all these term off and
start new
what he did is a higher order to have
your name uppercase or lowercase well I
just like lowercase letters more I think
[Music]
totally great Wow I don't want they
scaled I probably want to play
[Music]
just think about like a chemical
yeah moments where you have to get a lot
worse to get way better but if you just
want to say oh this is my little bit of
electronics or the landscape thank you
you're something
[Music]
[Applause]
right
[Music]
[Applause]
what's each q8 two years again
it just initializer secondly maybe this
man
well you'll be fine right although just
like an auto-fill do but I have a bunch
of different you never seem like just
like this when I have all of these but I
just have multiple eight means I have
eight pants bands bands bands did I come
at this huh
malleable
it's it's sometimes it takes birth to be
like a
frequency so that you'll see if I turn
this on and I just like yes the other
side just tells you but no it's a very
pure turn isn't always gonna get it but
the the trick is really how can mm-hmm
you get it when you have a very small
sound right because it takes time
probably the sign step that's simple
basically that
you know I could just like load this
into it just an audio track then I could
go over here let's control - lets - and
just grab this
she would have
this is really
it's pretty sweet but I can't which I'm
going to move this one other to like
maybe just the end to the next part
is I'm gonna go to this thing over here
this L and this is thing called follow
action and I'm gonna say I'm gonna play
eight bars so this whole looped four
times and then I want to go to the
previous one or what this isn't to the
next one
neither to the next one then I want to
go to this this one down here I'd say
four eight times then I'm gonna go to
the previous one so now it'll just keep
all right this parts about not just you
know I don't know a phone charger yes
in
[Music]
I did like
like yeah I understand is that these
it's perfect bubbles you want
[Music]
because the thing is you want us to just
kick the slam
how do I begin
you'd rather
turn it darling with your
easy
[Music]
- bar
whenever passes zero yeah it means that
it's so basically what you don't want is
for it to go to six because once it goes
about six it starts clipping and so once
it goes about zero
like we'll turn this way down and I'll
show you what happens when I like add a
utility and then just like I mean that's
what they do you just do that like
because what you have what you have is
you have a sine wave right oh my god
right here yeah I guess I'm but you have
this sign no okay you basically have a
sine wave but you have these maximums
and what you do is when you push this
out like you increase the gain by
increasing the amplitude where you start
to see happen is it goes down and then
it cuts flat because it's reaches
maximum and then it goes here and then
cuts flat and you start to get more of a
square wave and that's what distortion
is is that this is starting to this sine
wave which is like a wave is starting to
get clipped and that's what clipping is
is it's really clipping the edges off
[Music]
follow that this is overweight that was
[__] on this one too
I didn't even I was wondering those yeah
but see the length was here not here so
the plate 3.4 yeah so starting to get
out of time and I wasn't
[Music]
basically your tap is so what I'm
talking about when I talk about this
envelope this is an envelope is I'm
talking about a volume envelope I'm
talking about amplitude so when I say
the attack amplitude is is five seconds
for a what that means is that when I
press a note down and let's actually
just [__] demo I add track and I'm
gonna go to instruments and then I go to
operator because it's very easy to demo
with operator because you start out with
just a sign tip right and then I'm gonna
go to device and I'm gonna go to
envelopes right and see if they attack
attack decay sustain release adsr this
end 0 so to get to the maximum amplitude
it takes 0.0 seconds but now I'm gonna
make it longer Yeah right okay so now
okay it has decayed onto the sustain and
then it gets yeah and then we're like
that and then what this is in terms of a
filter envelope is you have this mean
parameter let's go back to do this mean
parameter in here call called the filter
envelope and what this does is filter
less than on that Beasley's best about
like like which direction is going to go
because because you have this you have
this filter right now that's a it looks
like it's a bandpass about 60 Hertz and
this is a logarithmic scale obviously
all these sound things are and so what
we want to do is we say 72 that's
positive I could alternatively it may
negative and what positive 72 is going
to be is that according to this curve
it's gonna take for two milliseconds to
sweep all the way to this end and then
it's gonna take 600 seconds to get to 76
percent of that so like right here and
then I am and then it's gonna take two
percent 76 this and then it's gonna go
take three seconds to get back so and
now it's at the beginning because it
only takes one second to get it and then
when I let go
oh and letting go to the release by the
way letting go is release so like oh and
what I want to do is I'm gonna make the
attack envelope like super long so
you'll actually be able to tell them
that okay so what I want to do is I want
to well I want to I guess I'll duplicate
this because I don't actually want the
rulli's change and I don't wanna focus
on the main one but I'm going to turn
the seventh here this do you see how you
like
this is obviously you can tell already
whenever you see this you know
oh nothing obviously you're going to
come out because you have a high pads
and the frequencies in 22 K so it's
cutting its turn to pass everything
above 22 K which is already basically
the limit of human here
[Music]
it's almost done that's so [__] up
that's so [__] up dude he's a good
friend me oh my god I'm literally doing
like the sickest asked you we had all
these telescopes in the world for
centuries we've been trying to figure
out where do we look for answers I'm the
one in charge that bucket I'm not in
charge I'm part of that [__] dude like
we have a [__] ton of telescopes and the
thing is they are so like actually I
just so Jan if we just read this [__]
cousin kind of putting off giving him
feedback on it there's a math question
you want to maximize coverage but you
need to make your Noddy no no no this is
there is an algorithm but the thing is
it coverage this objective because
really cuz its coverage of what is
coverage of what but it's according to